Okay.
This is a serious lecture because you can lose data if you're not careful.
If you already have used blender in the past you've got work that you don't want to be lost do not open.
It's at all in Blender 2.8.
I'm going to say that as that is safer than just saying do not save it because it's very easy.
I know that I will automatically just save something if I'm working on it.
So make sure you've got a backup of all your prior work.
I mean that's a good thing to have anyway regardless of this bit of advice.
But basically if you go ahead and open up something and 2.8 and save it it will no longer open in previous
versions of Blender.
Now that is important because there's no way of recovering it either.
So bear that in mind as you're opening up previous work now as we progress forward of course because Blender
is in sort of a beta state at the moment some things may work some things may not work and a few things
may change as you're going through this course if he spots anything like that.
Be aware that the next day there is often another build a blender 2.8 coming out.
Try that one first and see if that fixes the issue.
I know I've had that with the grease pencil in the past.
The next day's release actually fixed those issues.
So do try that first and of course just bear in mind that some things it will just crash and then it'll
be fixed again in the future so don't worry that's happening.
It's not just you.
Everybody is in the same boat so let's crack on now you've been given the warning please make sure you
back up your work regardless of whether you're opening in 2.8 or not.
I can't count the number of times people have lost hours of work because they save and they didn't backup.
So that's quite critical to managing your workflow as we go.
So let's crack on now and hop on over in the blender.